Once upon a time there was
a poor woman and her son.
The poor woman asked her son,
What can I get for you from
the market, little one?
Now the boy was fascinated with
the sound of a drum. So he said:
A drum, mother, I would love
to have a drum to play with.
The mother was poor
so when she saw a nice piece of wood
on the road, she brought it home.
The son happily
carried it and sang:
I asked for a drum and look at what
I got, A lovely piece of a wood!
I asked for a drum and look what
I got, I think my luck is good
As he went skipping along, a wood in hand he
met an old man who could not start a fire.
The boy gave the
old man his wood
and the old man made some bread
and gave a piece to the boy.
The boy sang away,
My piece of wood got me some food.
A lovely piece of bread.
My piece of wood is not a drum, but it
got me bread. A lovely piece of bread.
As he went skipping along,
a bread in hand he met a potter's wife
who had a wailing baby in her arms.
The kind-hearted boy gave the lady his bread
and the lady gave a large pot to the boy.
The boy sang away, I gave my
bread away and look what I got!
I gave my bread away and
I got a lovely pot
As he went skipping
along, pot in hand
he met a washerman quarrelling
with his wife over a broken pot.
The kind-hearted boy gave
the washerman his pot
and the washerman gave
a coat to the boy.
The boy sang away,
As I walked along,
with a pot in hand,
I met a washerman. Who gave
me this coat so grand!
And so funny indeed! People looking for
things, And I have what they need!
As he went skipping along, coat in hand,
he met a man shivering in the cold.
He was robbed and had nothing
but a big fine horse.
The kind-hearted boy gave the man his
coat and the man gave the boy his horse.
The boy sang away,
Oh so funny indeed! People looking for
things, And I have what they need!
A man needs a shirt, But all
he has is a big fine horse!
I gave him my coat, what did I get?
His big fine horse, of course!
As he went skipping along, horse
by his side he met a gloomy groom.
The groom said, I am the groom.
Waiting to see my bride,
But I’m stuck in here
Just hoping for a ride!
I just can’t go there on my feet. My
horse is late and so is the hour.
So you see, what I need
right now is a horse!
The kind-hearted boy gave
the groom his horse!
The groom was happy
and he asked the boy
what he could give in
exchange for his horse.
The boy looked around among the musicians
and quickly spotted the drummer.
He said: A stitch in time
they say saves nine.
And what indeed did save the day,
Was this splendid horse of mine!
All I want from you is the fine
little drum that you play!
Oh, make my dreams come true!
Please make my dream come true!
The drummer gave away his drum.
The boy went home
singing a merry tune,
My piece of wood did a lot of good!
It got me bread as food.
My piece of bread lasted not,
But gave me a lovely pot.
My pot got me a lovely coat.
The coat did help a needy man.
It got me a big fine horse to ride.
With that horse, I got
a groom his bride!
So you see it is simple indeed
A little bit of give and take,
Will a lot of people happy make! So
when you meet your friends today,
Try and make their day!"